-Do you mind?
-What?
He's down there.
That's Butkovich.
It's around this time...
...that you murdered
the first young man.
Greyhound bus boy.
Did this boy have a name?
I picked up a lot of guys.
For sex.
Jack's the one
who done the killings.
Jack hates fags.
Especially the greedy ones.
Hustlers.
Practically killed themselves
when they got in his car.
Dumb and stupid.
Pop always said that to me.
that I shouldn't be
so dumb and stupid.
My son would not
leave his mother
sitting in a freezing
parking lot on her birthday.
Where the hell is Rob Piest?
He says he put your son's body
in the Des Plaines River.
I went looking for Rob...
...but it was frozen.
I have to wait till spring
to find my boy.
I thought you said
you didn't know him.
I met him.
Why'd you tell the detectives
to shoot his tires out
if he tried to leave?
What'd he say to you
in there?
I just wanna clear the air.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
It has gotta be my way.
'Cause I been...
I been to so many.
what I now gotta be to myself.
all right?
All right?
Good.
You got anything to drink
around here?
Well. I'm not...
haven't you had enough already?
Just give me a goddamn drink.
goddammit.
That's all I got.
Yeah. that'll do.
Canadia's finest.
Uh-huh.
Look. I gotta
set the record straight.
I can't have every single
dead body found from now
on erroneously
attributed at my feet. you know?
What happened to Rob Piest?
No.
Nah. No.
No. we gotta go back before him.
Way before.
The first was
the Greyhound bus boy.
That was the first time
it went bad.
And it was winter too then.
I think.
Didn't know what he was up to.
Sausage and pancakes.
What the fuck did I know?
What hell are you talking about?
I killed...
so many.
...five. four...
...three. two. one.
Happy New Year!
Is that good? You like that?
Yeah. it's good.
Just keep going.
Are you... Is...
Just fucking... Just stop.
That's enough.
Sorry.
I should... I should get
inside and check on the girls.
We need to get you all
moved into the house with me.
John the family man. that's.
that's one my favorite Johns.
Look. I am glad
that we found each other.
'Cause I've been...
It's been a hard time.
Just alone...
to my thoughts and myself.
Okay. Night.
Heya.
What're you doing?
Hey. I ain't doing nothing.
You need a lift or...
Oh. no.
I just got some time to kill.
Till what?
Well. till the next bus home.
I. I just missed the last one
for the night.
Oh.
Well. hey.
you wanna drive around?
You know. see the sights?
I'm just screwing around.
I could give you
a tour of Chicago.
What time does your bus
leave tomorrow?
Noon.
Noon? Jesus.
That's a lifetime. Hop in.
Hey. sure. Thanks.
I'm John. by the way.
Tim McCoy.
Nice to meet you.
Welcome to Chicago.
♪ Sitting on the park bench ♪
♪ Eying little girls ♪
♪ with bad intent ♪
We're passing
through the Mag Mile
now is what they call it.
Not as magnificent
as it used to be.
They're building a couple things
that's gonna change
the whole skyline.
Now these here
are the kind of facts
that you don't get from
no regular tour guide.
You need someone. you know.
high up. connected.
You get it.
Lucky for you.
♪ ...watching ♪
♪ as the frilly panties run ♪
You'll come to know that I'm.
I'm a very important guy.
♪ Feeling like a dead duck ♪
And I'm... I'm also...
this is hush-hush. but.
but I'm connected.
As in the Syndicate.
-No kidding?
-No kidding.
It's a beautiful thing.
isn't it?
Yeah. I mean. it's like...
It's like music in the sky.
See. this. this is why
I wanted to get out on the road
and see the country.
Get in... Get in some trouble.
you know?
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
It sure beats Omaha. anyway.
It's just a flat...
Bunch of flat nothing.
Is that where
yous headed back to?
Yeah. I'm stopping at
my aunt's in Iowa on the way.
What was that?
You smuggling baby lions
or something?
I. I ran out of food
around Cleveland.
Oh. God.
Hey. well.
I'm happy to cook you up
something at my place.
My fiancee and her kids.
they're staying
at her mom's tonight.
so the place will be
quiet for once.
Maybe we could have a few beers.
You could grab a few hours
of shut-eye if you want.
And. actually.
now that I'm thinking about it.
I've got a job back here
in the city tomorrow morning.
so I could even drive you back
to the bus station if you want.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Yeah. That would be great.
No sweat.
Here we are.
Hang out back here.
Make yourself home-like.
I. I have spent some time
in Iowa before.
-No kidding?
-Oh. yeah.
I've been all over.
But Chicago's always been home.
There's just...
There's so much history here.
You know what I mean?
All the different neighborhoods.
There's just something
for everyone.
Even got places like Bughouse.
You ever heard of that spot?
-I don't think so.
-Yeah.
Well. it's a little wild
over there.
Got bars for homos and whatnot.
We actually
passed right through it.
Didn't wanna say anything
in case. you know?
Hey. um.
I got a question for you.
You ever seen
a stag film before?
Oh. yeah. I thought so.
You don't look
like no silver bullet.
No. sir.
Uh. I've been with some.
some girls from school.
Yeah. I could tell
you got some experience.
Hey. I like that belt buckle.
That's something.
Thanks.
Yeah. it's. it's brand-new.
I just got it from my aunt
for Christmas.
Yeah. That's really something.
Whoa there. Oh. oh. God.
Careful with that stuff.
That is strong stuff.
Oh. boy.
You know.
I got some of those stag films.
if you wanna watch one.
Oh. you said you were hungry.
Yeah. starved.
Like I said.
I got these stag films.
if you wanna watch one.
I'm pretty liberal about sex
and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah? That's far out.
I heard this thing.
Oh. you are gonna love this.
You want a wiener?
Yeah. Thanks.
Here's some bread too.
So like I was saying.
I was at a bar this one time.
You ever
gotten a blow job before.
like from a girl or whatever?
-Yeah. Sure.
-Yeah. All right.
Well. I was at this bar with
a friend and I was striking out.
Like no chicks giving me
even a single look.
So then my friend.
he says something
really interesting.
He says that I got maybe a 50/50
shot at getting laid that night.
Of even really picking up
a broad at all.
But he says that
he's got a 100% chance.
-Yeah?
-I mean...
I mean. I was thinking
I was saying.
"You're full of shit."
But he says. "No. it's true."
Because if he strikes out
with a girl.
he just goes and picks up a guy.
And. I mean... I mean.
I'm sitting there thinking.
"Oh. I'm with a real
fruit picker here. a real homo."
But it ain't like that.
Not at all.
Because what he's saying is
that if you get a blow job
from a guy.
it feels just as good as getting
one from a girl.
You just gotta close your eyes.
So...
I. I try it.
I let him do me.
And it's true.
It feels just as good.
Like I said. I ain't gay.
'Cause you can't be gay
if you're thinking about girls
when you're doing it. right?
-Yeah.
Yeah. Sure.
You ever get a blow job
from a guy before?
No.
Do you wanna see
if you can tell the difference?
Why the fuck
do you have a knife?
What the fuck?
Goddammit! Jesus!
-I'm so sorry.
Got you. motherfucker.
I helped you!
I'm just trying to show
you a good time!
Like he didn't mean it.
Says he didn't.
Stupid fuck.
I was bleeding all over.
You see this?
You see this fucking thing?
I'm telling you.
just dumb and stupid.
Shut your fucking mouth!
-Please.
I mean. I... Uh.
I'm scared shitless. right?
I... I'm. I'm scared
out of my hamster.
It's a simple
case of self-defense.
Fuck.
If that's really what happened.
if what you're saying is true.
then why the hell wouldn't you
call the goddamn cops?
Because I had a lot of thoughts
to work through at the time.
You know. it's the...
It's the whole.
uh. situation of the thing
'cause I've been in trouble
in the past.
So that... That's the mess of it.
you know?
And. again. again.
again. this lying kid.
Come on!
Oh. shit!
Oh. fuck!
Fuck!
You've reached PDM Contractors.
Please leave a message.
Johnny? Honey?
I just wanted to call.
I'm leaving Leone's now.
I'll be home soon. All right.
Fuck!
Son of a bitch.
I loved this rug.
Jesus Christ.
It's all...
I'm trying to tell you.
but it... but it... but it's all
a little foggy. you know?
Let's take a step back. okay?
You said he came at you
with a knife.
Attacked you.
-Uh-huh.
Why?
What?
Uh. I mean. hell do I know.
I mean. it was...
I guess it was just a.
a series of unfortunate
circumstances.
Okay. But. I mean.
you said the. the sex
was consensual. right?
Hey.
I don't gotta force
nothing on nobody.
I've got it.
I can get it a million
ways to Sunday.
I don't gotta force nobody.
Well. what do you
expect me to think here. John?
I mean.
something's not adding up.
I don't care if you believe me
'cause I got my own recollect.
That's all I need for belief.
And you're saying that...
let's just be very.
very clear here.
You're saying that
you killed this boy.
Yeah. Oh. yeah.
I mean. I'd picked up.
I'd been to that spot before.
but. but nothing like that.
Nobody ever went bad like that
before the Greyhound bus boy.
That was the first.
Oh. God. This liquor is lousy.
You think Little Sammy Bear
wants a nip?
What?
I named him just now.
John.
"Can I have some?" There you go.
There were more
after the Greyhound bus boy?
Let's get one thing straight.
There ain't no Froot Loops
in my cereal.
But I'm getting.
I was real exhausted
around this time.
'Cause. you know me. Sam.
I'm a businessman.
and business was
really starting to take off.
And I'm working.
I'm working day and night.
Just working. Tired to the bone.
And. and that
must have been the time...
It's right around when.
when Butkovich came along.
He was Little John...
till he wasn't.
Yeah. come on in.
It's open sesame.
Hi. Um. are you Mr. Gacy?
Yes. I am.
-I'm Travis' friend?
-Oh. Right.
Well. any friend of Travis means
that he's got at least
one friend.
Right.
Uh. well. I'm happy to...
It's nice to meet you. sir.
Sir? I don't see any sir.
You call me John. Or Colonel.
'Cause I'm an official colonel
out in Kentucky.
Bet you never met one of them
before. huh?
Come on into the office.
I'm happy to meet you too.
'cause I'm always looking
for eager young men
ready to change their fortunes.
Here. Take a seat.
What kind of work you do?
-Uh. anything really.
-Really?
Anything that'll pay a buck.
We. we start off a bit
much higher than that.
How's five bucks an hour?
Damn. That...
Yeah. that's... That'd be great.
'Cause this company.
we do it all.
We're only getting up
on our feet now.
but in six months. we'll be
bringing in over a mil annual.
And you're getting in early.
The ground floor.
There's a future in it
if you stick with it.
Like I said. I'm always looking
for specific kind of guys.
You gotta be loyal and smart.
There's my blushing bride.
Blushing with starch.
maybe.
John. this place is a mess.
I can't believe
you're letting people in here.
Apparently. I only get
six months of marital bliss
before the clucking starts.
But I still can't keep
my hands off of this hen.
You know what I mean?
No. No. Cut it out.
The cock of the walk.
That's a nice photo. sir...
John.
You look really pretty.
Mrs. Gacy.
Oh. that's sweet.
You know. over 300 people
at that wedding.
Steak Diane. champagne.
the whole works.
What was your name again?
Oh. Christ me.
I. I didn't get a name.
Um. it's John. ma'am.
John Butkovich.
-Ah.
Well.
it will be nice to have another
John around the house.
Now. we got a Big John
and a Little John.
There you go.
Are you hungry?
Let me make
you a bologna sandwich.
-No. No. Carole.
-Uh. no. I'm. I'm okay.
We ain't got time for that.
We got stuff we gotta work out.
Come on. Little John.
Thanks.
Follow me out back.
Hey. you gotta...
That laundry's gotta get washed
again now. you know?
Of course.
Come on in. huh? Huh?
Now. this here is gonna be
the kinda lounge area.
Just the guys.
'Cause we work hard.
we gotta play hard too. right?
You want a beer?
Sure.
There you go.
Nice catch.
This is the real stuff too.
None of that 3.2 shit
like they got in Ohio.
You hear about that shit?
How about a little toast?
To the Johns.
What? What's that?
Uh. my pops would
never let me drink like this.
Well. I'm not your pops.
Thank fucking Christ.
He give you a hard time?
I don't know.
He's. he's pushing me.
He's always pushing me.
You know. it's.
it's a tough job being a daddy.
They're trying to teach
you everything
you need to know to be a man.
Your father's love is tough
but it is still love.
I've been
thinking of moving out.
You know. get a place of my own.
There you go.
A lot of stuff you can't figure
out until you're on your own.
Here. Just pop a squat
right there.
You'll be all right.
And I'll be there
if you ever need a thing.
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Don't start up
with all that again. okay?
Just don't start.
Get these fucking things off me.
You gonna be calm?
Good. That's good.
There you go.
Take it. Go ahead.
Good.
Oh. shit.
Where's my fucking money?
You owe me!
I don't owe you nothing!
You owe me two weeks!
You should owe me
for all the free lessons
and business advice and things!
Shh.
Little John.
No!
Sit down!
Just trying to calm him.
you know?
Just sober him up.
And then he had to go
and make me.
'Cause there it is.
Always.
These greedy hustlers.
It's always about the money.
Always.
Even with him.
And I liked him.
But even with him.
it's always. "Yes. yes. yes."
Then a change of the tune.
John! Wake the fuck up!
-What the...
-Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Don't tell me what to do!
I'm. I'm the host!
I'm not some goddamn
animal in the zoo.
You can't just throw
fucking peanuts at me.
Little John Butkovich.
He was... He was
another accident. right?
That's what you're saying.
right?
It was just to calm him.
That's it.
I. I got the rope on him.
around him
just to keep him calm.
See. this is where you lost me.
John.
You handcuffed the kid.
You put a rope around his neck.
Yeah.
What the hell did you think
was gonna happen?
It was just to calm him!
It was just to calm him.
To calm him? Right. Okay.
Eventually. this is gonna fall
on the argument
for manslaughter.
After that...
After that. it got worse.
How the fuck
can it get any worse?
Hey. How much?
It's not my first time. pal.
Fuck. All right.
I'm not gonna give you nothing.
Go for a ride?
Get in.
Greedy fucking hustler.
Yeah. All right. Okay.
Come on inside.
Get in.
You. in here.
Dirty fucking liar!
-That's something else.
-Huh?
Oh. Yeah.
It's really... She's really just
one of a lot of important people
that I've gotten to know
over the years.
You don't have to brag with me.
I know all your secrets.
Knock it off.
What? What is it?
We're not having sex anymore.
That part of our marriage
is done.
-Oh. really?
-That's right. I decided.
-What? Did I do something?
-No. no.
And I don't wanna
get into all that.
Just that part of us is done
and that's all.
Oh. shit.
Mother's Day.
I'll fuck you on Mother's Day
but that's it.
-Sir?
-Officer Jack Hanley.
Seems like you might be out
past curfew. young man.
Oh. no. no. no.
I'm just waiting for the bus.
Well. why don't you
get in the car?
Uh. I don't know.
I think I'm just gonna...
Get in the car.
He said
you pulled a gun on him?
It's outrageous.
It's really outrageous.
'Cause I should be the one
filing a complaint in here for.
uh. extortion or whatever.
So you admit
to meeting Mr. Donnelly?
Oh. sure. I mean...
...we did get into
some sexual things.
I mean. all consensual.
But then Donnelly. he went
and tried to blackmail me.
Blackmail? Exactly.
He's asking me for money.
saying that I owe him.
But. you know.
I don't gotta pay for it.
I got plenty of people
begging me for it.
And...
I mean...
you gentlemen know
how these guys can be. right?
They work you up. get you going.
and then they try to swindle you
out of everything that you got.
And that is exactly
what happened here.
'Cause then he goes off
and he's threatening
to go to my neighbors.
And. see. the problem there
is that some people.
they don't understand
what's the difference
between a homo and a bisexual.
'Cause I'm not a fruit picker.
I mean. for the record.
But something like that could
cause a real mess in my life.
'cause I run
a successful business.
So I refuse him. you know.
to pay his little blackmail.
But what happens. here we are.
Well.
Mr. Donnelly's allegations are...
I mean. he says that you.
you penetrated him
with foreign objects.
simulated
drowning in the bathtub.
forced him to play...
-That's bullshit.
Forced him to play
Russian roulette.
I mean. we're talking
about charges of kidnapping.
deviate sexual assault.
impersonating a cop.
No. I wouldn't have done that
because I got too much respect
for yous guys.
I mean. I think
he might have misunderstood
because I said that
I know a lot of cops.
'cause I do.
But that other stuff.
yeah. like I said.
it was all consensual.
Because what you gotta
understand about these guys is
there's a lot of rough play.
A lot of rough play.
They like to tie each other up.
knock people around.
I mean. "slavery sex" is
what they call it.
-Slavery sex?
-I know. I know.
It's not for everyone. I get it.
It's not my cup of Joe either.
But. for them.
it's all part of the fun
for these guys. you know?
But there wasn't one thing.
not one single thing
that happened that night
that he wasn't an equal
participant in and of.
I mean. for God's sake.
I drove him to work
the next morning.
Did he tell you that?
Well. this is a real
"he said" situation.
Yeah.
Don't have much to go on
beyond that.
All right.
Well. we will be in touch
if we have any more...
Oh. I got one more
question for you. Mr. Gacy.
Sure. Shoot.
Um. you ever had a prior arrest?
Nope.
So...
Chicago PD
just let you walk out of there?
No background check?
No kind of background to check.
Upstanding citizen. I.
Okay. But they.
they didn't even hold you
for further questioning?
Innocents go innocent. Sam.
This bar... This bar is dead.
There's nobody here.
We should go out.
out cruising. you know?
Pick up some chickens.
This bar is dead.
We're not at a bar. John.
We're in my office.
Uh. excuse me. sir.
Oh. No problemo. kid.
Oh. hi. Mr. Gacy.
Oh. heya. Philly cheese.
What time you close?
-Not till 10:00.
-Oh. plenty of time.
Almost finished here.
Everything coming along okay?
Sure. sure.
Same type of job as last time.
Think we can get
all the work done in two.
maybe three weeks.
That is. of course.
we got the right boys
on the job.
-That sounds reasonable.
-Speaking of.
do you know anybody
who might be interested
in earning five bucks an hour?
-Well. I don't...
-'Cause. you know.
with business like it is.
I wanna get a couple of kids
to join the PDM crew.
I'll keep an ear out.
Nisson's Pharmacy.
Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Phil. I should get going.
get those shelving orders in.
This is a good kid. John.
This is a good kid
with good parents.
I'm begging you. John.
Tell me...
Tell me that you drove him
to the Greyhound station.
Tell me that you gave him
some cash and he took off.
Tell me... Tell me something.
Anything. except that.
He planted that one seed
you don't want planted.
That brought out the bad clown.
That's him.
I can't be responsible.
And that...
I will go free.
But that boy...
That boy is dead.
He's in the river.
♪ You walk into the room ♪
♪ You are ♪
...things again.
-Merry Christmas.
Ready? What?
-I need a minute.
-Rob.
-I know. I know. I know.
-We have to go.
-It's just...
-We can't keep dad waiting.
There's this construction dude.
-He wants to...
-Construction dude?
-I don't know what you call him.
-Contractor?
Whatever you call him.
He's hiring.
And it sounds like it pays
double what I make here.
Where is he?
He said
he'd wait for me outside.
Come on. please.
Make it quick.
-Five minutes.
-Four.
-Deal!
-I want cake.
Yes. Thank you.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
-♪ Happy birthday. dear ma ♪
-All right. All right.
All right. Enough.
I'll be in the car. Go.
Yes! Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello. Mr. Gacy.
Um. thanks so much for waiting
around for my shift to end.
I. I wanted to talk to you
earlier but I. uh.
I was on the clock. you know?
Yeah. Loyalty. I like that.
That's one aspect
I like the most in a person.
Well. I guess I'm lucky
you had to come back
for that appointment book.
Yeah. I guess so.
Now we can talk official.
What can I do for you?
Well. um. I'm almost 16. sir.
And I've been working here.
I worked real hard
to save up for a car.
And. uh. I wasn't
eavesdropping or anything.
but I think I heard you say
to Mr. Torf
something about a job opening?
Yeah. Sure.
And I think I might have heard
you say something about.
uh. five bucks an hour?
'Cause Mr. Torf. he.
he can't afford to pay me
any more than 2.50.
And. uh. I don't know too much
about construction but. uh.
I'm a real fast learner.
And. to be honest.
I'll. I'll do just about
anything you needed for money.
Uh. you might be sent
from the Almighty. kid.
I've been looking
for workers everywhere.
I saw you working your ass off.
Excuse my Greek.
I can tell already
what a hard worker you are.
Thank you. Mr. Gacy.
Yeah. You're welcome.
I can get you started up
right away. Tomorrow.
-You mean I got the job?
-Yeah. Sure. Sure.
Oh. shit. Wait.
Uh. the only thing is
that all the paperwork's
back at the office.
-Oh.
Well. if you come over there
right now with me
and we'll get you all signed up
and get that all taken care of.
The thing is today is
my mom's birthday and I...
Everybody's waiting for me.
The office ain't that far.
I'll have you done and delivered
back home within the hour.
I'm not sure
I have... I have time.
No time like the now or never.
All righty. Robbie.
Can I call you Robbie?
Sure.
All aboard. Robbie.
♪ The future is ours to see ♪
♪ So baby hold on to me ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ What's these things... ♪
Come on in. Robbie.
Welcome to my adobe.
I. I thought... I. I thought
the papers were at your office.
Yeah. You're looking at it.
We got it all right here.
This is PDM headquarters.
Office. crash pad. brothel.
Make yourself at home.
You'll be spending
so much time here.
it'll feel like
home soon enough.
Most of the guys
treat it like a party house.
No parents allowed.
I'm pretty
liberal-minded like that.
Also. I like to keep it stocked.
Speaking of. I got brewski.
Oh. I. I better not.
What's that?
You don't drink?
No. sure. I do.
It's just that my parents.
they might smell it
when I get home.
Jeez. You need to relax.
Your parents will be
so tootled out of their skulls
about the new job.
they won't even notice.
Especially if they find out
that you're working for me.
they probably heard of me.
Anyways.
this is a job interview.
You don't wanna disappoint
your future boss. do you?
That's better.
I. I like all the clowns.
Ain't they great?
I'm a clown myself.
No. really. No joking.
I'm registered and all.
I'll show you some of my tricks.
Well...
The papers?
Jeez. You really
are all business. ain't you?
No. No. Not. not usually.
It's just...
It's my mom's birthday.
Yeah. my family...
-All right. All right.
Your family. Jesus Christ.
They're over here.
I'll go get them.
You know. before
we get into all that.
we should have a little talk.
a little "get to know ya."
'Cause my guys
I got that work for me.
you gotta fit in here.
with the way we do things.
on and off the clock.
'Cause. like I said.
we work hard.
we sure do
like to play hard too.
Let me show you that trick.
This is cool.
You're gonna like this.
-Uh...
-These are the real deal.
You can check them out
if you want.
Uh. no. That's... It's okay.
See that? Locked up nice
and tight. right?
Yeah.
Tadoo!
-Whoa!
That's nothing.
I can do it with my hands
behind my back.
You wanna see?
Uh. all right. Got it.
-And...
-Ah.
Is that all right?
Not. not too tight?
That's all right.
So you can clearly see
that I am handcuffed?
-Uh-hmm.
-I have no way of escaping.
right?
How the hell are you doing that?
It's easy. Let me show you.
Give me your arm.
Uh. okay.
Okay. Hang on.
What's the trick?
The trick...
is not being dumb and stupid.
I wanna ask you something
about a thing
that you said earlier.
You said that you would do
anything for money.
Isn't that right?
Yeah?
Well. that's what
I like to hear.
Look. look. look.
It's like this.
You gotta palm the key
just inside your hand
so no one can see it. Like so.
-Yeah.
Yeah. I. I get it.
Yeah. Let's get you
out of these cuffs. huh?
I forgot to ask you.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Yeah. I. I do all right.
I. I date girls.
'Cause I met this broad
the other night. Wowee.
Like I said. I'm real liberal
about this kind of thing.
I had this friend once
who told me something
really interesting...
Mr. Gacy.
it's getting real late.
I should probably
get those papers and get home.
You're all about work.
work. work. Jesus Christ.
I thought we were
having fun tonight. Ain't we?
Sir?
It feels the same.
You just gotta close your eyes.
That kind of thing? I'm sorry.
I'm. I'm. I'm just not into
that kind of thing.
Maybe
I should just rape you then.
you little fucking liar.
You fucking liar.
You fucking prick tease.
You think you can fool me...
-No. no!
...you little lying homo?
-Stop! Sir!
-Come on. Huh? Huh?
Stop! Don't! Please!
Oh. Christ. What happened?
I'm sorry. Shit.
I'm sorry. I'm...
Fuck. I'm sorry.
I couldn't even imagine.
I'm sorry. I... Oh. God. Fuck.
I'm sorry. I didn't...
I didn't mean to do
something to...
I mean. I. I would if I could.
It's just... It's not me.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
It was... It was...
It was just a stupid idea.
And I ain't a fag.
So you don't gotta worry.
No problemo.
But you still want the job.
right?
I'll work
real hard for you. sir.
You really...
You really scared me there.
Mr. Gacy.
Just one more trick
for the road.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm